README.md, before:

# fleaflet_demo

An example Flutter project demonstrating how to use the [flutter_map library](https://github.com/fleaflet/flutter_map)
with Stadia Maps. This loosely replicates the [clustering example](https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-js-docs/example/cluster/)
for MapLibre GL JS.

## Getting Started

You *will* need to set an API key in [main.dart](lib/main.dart) before running the app. You can sign up for a free
Stadia Maps API key via our [Client Dashboard](https://client.stadiamaps.com/). Otherwise, run it like
any other Flutter app.

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application, but is by no means a comprehensive guide
to all there is to know about Flutter Map. Please refer to the project (linked above)
and the following resources for getting started with Flutter.


- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://docs.flutter.dev/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter development, view the
[online documentation](https://docs.flutter.dev/), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.

## Gotchas

For completeness, this repo includes both raster and vector examples (via a tab bar).
However, note that the vector tile rendering is performed via a plugin which is still
experimental, and does not support advanced styling features present in many Stadia Maps
styles. Additionally, rotation on macOS may be inverted. See
[this PR for details](https://github.com/flutter/engine/pull/36444); it will be fixed in an upcoming Flutter release.

Commit message:

Clarify rough edges with vector styles

README.md, after:

# fleaflet_demo

An example Flutter project demonstrating how to use the [flutter_map library](https://github.com/fleaflet/flutter_map)
with Stadia Maps. This loosely replicates the [clustering example](https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-js-docs/example/cluster/)
for MapLibre GL JS.

## Getting Started

You *will* need to set an API key in [main.dart](lib/main.dart) before running the app. You can sign up for a free
Stadia Maps API key via our [Client Dashboard](https://client.stadiamaps.com/). Otherwise, run it like
any other Flutter app.

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application, but is by no means a comprehensive guide
to all there is to know about Flutter Map. Please refer to the project (linked above)
and the following resources for getting started with Flutter.


- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://docs.flutter.dev/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter development, view the
[online documentation](https://docs.flutter.dev/), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.

## Gotchas

For completeness, this repo includes both raster and vector examples (via a tab bar).
However, note that the vector tile rendering is performed via a plugin which is still
experimental, and does not support advanced styling features present in most Stadia Maps base
styles.

In particular, most labels from Stadia Maps base styles will not presently render, as complex
expressions are not supported. If you want to use vector styles with flutter_map, we strongly
recommend creating a custom style and testing to ensure that it renders as you expect.

An example adaptation of our Alidade Smooth style has been included in the repository for convenience,
but we would recommend further effort before using this in production, and the style here is provided as-is.

Additionally, rotation on macOS may be inverted. See
[this PR for details](https://github.com/flutter/engine/pull/36444). This will be fixed in an upcoming Flutter release.
